QA - Links and minor changes (#512)
OWASP/owasp-masvs: Document/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## V1.3 - 21 April 2021

> We are proud to announce the introduction of a new document build pipeline, which is major milestone for our project. The build pipeline is based on [Pandocker](https://github.com/dalibo/pandocker) and [Github Actions](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/tree/master/.github/workflows). This significantly reduces the time being spent to create new releases. We would like to thank:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are proud to announce the introduction of a new document build pipeline, which is major milestone for our project. The build pipeline is based on [Pandocker](https://github.com/dalibo/pandocker) and [Github Actions](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/tree/master/.github/workflows). This significantly reduces the time spent on creating new releases. We would like to thank:
```
